Let the person go
Zhou Tianyu, you are so shameless
As expected of the Son of Heaven
Yang Fan
I see how you fight us
The Son of Heaven asked him to unlock the prison
Kill him!
Zhu Shao, Zhu Shao, you have to protect me
Yes, you asked me to hit him. Yes
Unlock the Prison now
Otherwise, I will kill a thousand women
Shenyu ends
Will get out of control
Lord, don't worry about our dad
Daughter will honor you and me Qianyu in the next life
Please save my daughter
Hey, the mana is back
I want you dead.
It's over. It's over.
Uh-huh.
What? How?
Just one
Could seriously injure the three of us
I have consciousness.
Is the realm still in our killing?
I'll let you go
Do you really think I dare not kill you?